[IMP] general/payment_acquirers: add stripe connect documentation (#1447)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/payment_acquirers/stripe.rst

Credentials tab
---------------

> On premise or on Odoo SH, Odoo needs your **API Credentials** to connect with your Stripe account,
> which comprises:

Reviewer: I think it's clearer to make two sublevels titles so that people understand that those parts depend on the "version" they're using, also that way they can skip easily to what interest them

```suggestion
On-premise or Odoo SH
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Odoo needs your **API Credentials** to connect with your Stripe account, which comprises:
```

- :ref:`Publishable Key <stripe/api_keys>`: The key solely used to identify the account with Stripe.
- :ref:`Secret Key <stripe/api_keys>`: The key to sign the merchant account with Stripe.
- :ref:`Webhook Signing Secret <stripe/webhook>`: When you enable your webhook on your Stripe
  account, this signing secret must be set to authenticate the messages sent from Stripe to Odoo.

> You'll be able to easily create your account by using the **Connect Stripe** button. Once you come
> back on your database from the onboarding :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create your account by using the **Connect Stripe** button and follow the onboarding. Then, go back
to your database.
```

> 1) Copy/paste your Publishable and Secret keys (see :ref:`below <stripe/api_keys>`);
> 2) Generate your webhook by clicking the **Generate your webhook** button.

Reviewer: Try not to use numbers when doing a numbered list but use this #. instead, the numbers are then automatically added. It helps if there are any changes [https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#numbered-list](url)
```suggestion
#. Copy/paste your *Publishable* and *Secret* keys (see :ref:`below <stripe/api_keys>`).
#. Generate your webhook by clicking on the **Generate your webhook** button.
```

> 
> On SaaS, click the button **Connect Stripe** and follow the Stripe Onboarding :

Reviewer: ```suggestion

SaaS or Odoo Online
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Click on the button **Connect Stripe** and follow the *Stripe Onboarding*.
```

> 1) Fill the Stripe Onboarding information in order to create your account;
> 2) Stripe sends an email to validate your email address;
> 3) At the end of the process, you're redirected to Odoo. If you completed Stripe onboarding, you're
>    all set and your acquirer is enabled.

Reviewer: I don't think the enumeration is needed here, also I reversed the first sentence, I think it's better to tell people "what" and then "how"
```suggestion
To create your account, fill in the Stripe Onboarding information. Stripe sends an email to validate
your email address. At the end of the process, you're redirected to Odoo. If you completed the
Stripe onboarding, you're all set and your acquirer is enabled.
```

> .. note::
>    On SaaS, it's also possible to set your own :ref:`API Keys <stripe/api_keys>`. You have to
>    activate the :ref:`Debug Mode <developer-mode>` and go to the Stripe Acquirer form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   On SaaS, you can also set your own :ref:`API Keys <stripe/api_keys>`. To do so, activate the
   :ref:`Debug Mode <developer-mode>` and go to the Stripe Acquirer form.
```

To retrieve the webhook signing secret, you first need to create a webhook.

> .. note::
>    If your instance is up-to-date on version 15.0, simply click the button **Generate your Webhook**
>    and you're all set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   If your instance is up-to-date on version 15.0, click on the button **Generate your Webhook**
   and you're all set.
```
